#! /usr/bin/env bash

set -o nounset
set -o errexit
set -o pipefail
IFS=$'\n\t'

# Installs Homebrew software.

if ! command -v brew > /dev/null; then
  /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install.sh)"
  export PATH="/usr/local/bin:$PATH"
  printf "export PATH=\"/usr/local/bin:$PATH\"\n" >> $HOME/.bash_profile
fi

install_brew_formula asciinema
install_brew_formula asdf
install_brew_formula bash
install_brew_formula bash-completion
install_brew_formula bat
install_brew_formula blueutil
install_brew_formula chruby
install_brew_formula coreutils
install_brew_formula crystal
install_brew_formula ctags
install_brew_formula curl
install_brew_formula diff-so-fancy
install_brew_formula direnv
install_brew_formula elm
install_brew_formula entr
install_brew_formula exa
install_brew_formula exiftool
install_brew_formula fastlane
install_brew_formula fish
install_brew_formula fd
install_brew_formula flac
install_brew_formula fzf
install_brew_formula gcc
install_brew_formula git
install_brew_formula git-sizer
install_brew_formula gnupg
install_brew_formula gpg
install_brew_formula graphicsmagick
install_brew_formula graphviz
install_brew_formula hexyl
install_brew_formula hr
install_brew_formula htop
install_brew_formula httpie
install_brew_formula httpstat
install_brew_formula hyperfine
install_brew_formula ioping
install_brew_formula jq
install_brew_formula lame
install_brew_formula libressl
install_brew_formula llvm
install_brew_formula lnav
install_brew_formula lynis
install_brew_formula magic-wormhole
install_brew_formula mas
install_brew_formula minisign
install_brew_formula ncdu
install_brew_formula neovim
install_brew_formula ngrep
install_brew_formula noti
install_brew_formula nushell
install_brew_formula openssl
install_brew_formula overmind
install_brew_formula pandoc
install_brew_formula parallel
install_brew_formula peco
install_brew_formula pigz
install_brew_formula pinentry-mac
install_brew_formula plantuml
install_brew_formula prettyping
install_brew_formula pv
install_brew_formula ranger
install_brew_formula readline
install_brew_formula reattach-to-user-namespace
install_brew_formula ripgrep
install_brew_formula sassc
install_brew_formula shellcheck
install_brew_formula siege
install_brew_formula sleepwatcher
install_brew_formula starship
install_brew_formula sox
install_brew_formula terraform
install_brew_formula the_silver_searcher
install_brew_formula tmux
install_brew_formula tokei
install_brew_formula tree
install_brew_formula vim
install_brew_formula watch
install_brew_formula wget
install_brew_formula wrk
install_brew_formula xsv
install_brew_formula yank
install_brew_formula zsh
install_brew_formula z
